README.md, before:

# @idrinth/api-bench-cli

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Idrinth/api-bench/badge.svg?branch=the-one)](https://coveralls.io/github/Idrinth/api-bench?branch=the-one)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/3171affc728048da8df4fe36b6d4771e)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/Idrinth/api-bench/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Idrinth_api-bench&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=Idrinth_api-bench)
[![Code Factor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/idrinth/api-bench/badge/the-one)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/idrinth/api-bench/overview/the-one)

## Contents

- [@idrinth/api-bench-cli](#idrinthapi-bench-cli)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [What does this project do?](#what-does-this-project-do)
  - [Usage \& Examples](#usage--examples)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Socials](#socials)
  - [Support](#support)
  - [Privacy and Compliance](#privacy-and-compliance)

## What does this project do?

This project provides a CLI tool for @idrinth/api-bench to generate code.

## Usage & Examples

Please have a look at the [website](https://idrinth-api-ben.ch) for more
information.

## License

As usual with my projects this is MIT-licensed.

## Socials

Additionally, to support requests via GitHub issue, you can reach us via

[![GitHub URL](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Idrinth/api-bench)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[![LinkedIn URL](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/9588634/)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[![Slack URL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://idrinth-api-bench.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-2f4zmw2sz-c3etHzCFq3LtZpkR15xXMA#/shared-invite/email)

## Support

Commercial support and training is provided via
[Björn Büttner](https://bjoern-buettner.me).

## Privacy and Compliance

The `@idrinth/api-bench` framework and its CLI do not collect any kind of
information about its users or the APIs being tested. All data is local to
the device you run it on or the database server you configure it to dump data
in.

Commit message:

Update README.md (#13)
fixes idrinth-api-bench/issues#1065

README.md, after:

# @idrinth/api-bench-cli


## Contents

- [@idrinth/api-bench-cli](#idrinthapi-bench-cli)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [What does this project do?](#what-does-this-project-do)
  - [Usage \& Examples](#usage--examples)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Socials](#socials)
  - [Support](#support)
  - [Privacy and Compliance](#privacy-and-compliance)

## [Issues](https://github.com/idrinth-api-bench/issues)

This is the issue repository for a typescript framework meant to performance test anything even remotely rest-like and related tools.

## What does this project do?

This project provides a CLI tool for @idrinth/api-bench to generate code.

## Usage & Examples

Please have a look at the [website](https://idrinth-api-ben.ch) for more
information.

## License

As usual with my projects this is MIT-licensed.

## Socials

Additionally, to support requests via GitHub issue, you can reach us via

[![GitHub URL](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Idrinth/api-bench)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[![LinkedIn URL](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/9588634/)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[![Slack URL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://idrinth-api-bench.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-2f4zmw2sz-c3etHzCFq3LtZpkR15xXMA#/shared-invite/email)

## Support

Commercial support and training is provided via
[Björn Büttner](https://bjoern-buettner.me).

## Privacy and Compliance

The `@idrinth/api-bench` framework and its CLI do not collect any kind of
information about its users or the APIs being tested. All data is local to
the device you run it on or the database server you configure it to dump data
in.
